The Joe Rogan experience. Joe, I'm sorry to like,
I want, I like, I, I thought I had all these questions for you, man. I was like,
guess lame to ask my questions on their show and it's not in the moment like we
often do, but I really D I know you've probably been talking about it,
but I wanted to hear your take on deep fake cuz like that at
deep fake of you really bothered me.
Like it set off like a whole series of thoughts in my head that like
of all the futuristic that freaks me out the most, I like.
Well, for someone like you or someone like me,
it's easy for them to do it because they basically got a library of all the
sounds that we can make with our mouth.
And so they put it in a database and then they can get you to say words.
You've never said before.
And in order that you've never said 'em before in a way that you can kind of
distinguish for now, I kind of can hear that it's fake,
but it was me talking about sponsoring a hockey team filled with all
chimpanzees. Yeah. And teaching chips to play hockey,
which sounds exactly like something I did do. And, um, it's,
it's close. You know, I mean they had one,
a few years ago that they did with Ronald Reagan where they had a fake speech
and this was way way before the internet.
And someone had pieced together, uh,
fake collab barration of a bunch of different Ronald Reagan speeches
and then used them with sound editing and turned it into a,
a whole statement that he never gave before.
And then the white house went on television and showed how they did it and
showed on the news, all the different speeches that they pulled from and the,
the actual sentences where they pulled from, they showed it to you.
So there could be no denying someone. I forget what it was.
Maybe it was the Russians. Was it the Russians?
Of course.
Someone had done that. People, I don't know. I don't know who did it.
I don't remember, but it was interesting. Cause I was like, oh wow,
they can do that. But I thought, you know,
think about how many times Ronald Reagan has given speeches. You just take,
listen, someone with pains, taking detail, mark down,
all the words and no speeches,
put 'em all in some sort of a multi-loop cuz it's, you know,
you have to go like to Phil Specter's house,
they have the old school reel to reel sound recorders and
piece that together and splice it up and then release it.
Pretend that Ronald Reagan is trying to start a war with Iran or something like
that. Yeah, man, I forget what it was. Do you remember the premise?
No, I don't remember the premise of that, but I.
You know, do you remember that the recording?
I don't. I kind of remember it, but it's a foggy memory, man.
It's pretty wild PR, but this is like to a,
me of the sun and all the things to worry about this is
really intense. Mm. Like, you know about the hostage, uh,
the weird hostage, uh, phone thing people are doing where they're like,
you get a phone call from the phone number of your wife and you answer it and
it's like, we've kidnapped your wife. You know,
it's someone freaking out in the background.
They're like send us money or she's. And like, they've been right now,
what they've been doing is they've been, you know, someone will say,
let me talk to her and they just hand it to some lady who's like, oh.
You think, oh my God, it's her. I'll give you whatever you want.
People have been sending the money, you know?
And like when you consider like what happens when deep fake technology
intersects with just the ability to like call people from spoofed numbers and
that suddenly if someone gets your phone number list,
they're gonna be able to call your friends is you and record conversations
where as they sort of dredge up, you know, who knows whatever they want.
Maybe they wanna blackmail you. Maybe they wanna get money.
Maybe they wanna embarrass you. That to me is like,
so spectacularly weird that we're gonna end up
having to have passwords that we tell each other away from our Alexis,
which is like, listen, if I call you and I'm seeming strange, <laugh> <laugh>,
you know, the PA the, the password is like, go for 69.
Otherwise it's not me. Yeah. You know? Cause that's gonna, that's a reality.
I mean, just look what people are already doing with spoofing numbers. Mm-hmm,
<affirmative>, that's up man. <affirmative> and like that, that aspect of it.
And also just like supply and demand. Mm-hmm <affirmative> in other words,
there's one Joe Rogan. Right, right now.
But if an AI starts duplicating you and improving on you, like,
and I'm saying, you know, five or 10 years, no offense, man.
But maybe an AI could like turn you twice as smart. You know, mm-hmm,
<affirmative> make you like whatever. Who knows what?
And then suddenly you're no longer in demand in the sense that once the
Joe Rogan AI package goes on the dark web or makes its way into
wherever people are gonna just be able to download you and have conversations
with you and make video. You know what I, that to me is the, the,
so what are the most are realities that we are entering into is one where you're
gonna go on YouTube and there's gonna be a video of you.
Looks like you sounds like you, but it's like 50 times funnier than you,
50 times cooler than you, 50 times smarter than you.
Cuz it's an AI pulling from the internet. It's just you but better.
And no one's gonna wanna watch you you anymore. Cause they're like,
I wanna watch, I love the real Rogan,
but I wanna watch the Rogan whose brain is functioning 50 times the speed of a
normal human brain. Cuz that guy, wow.
That's how they're gonna take over. Well, right. They make us all obsolete.
We're they?
Yeah. Better versions of all of us.
They're gonna be like invasion the body snatchers.
Yeah. That's right. That's right man. And that's not, I mean I'm even,
let's say it's 20 years away. That's still too soon say.
It's a hundred mm-hmm <affirmative> let's go crazy.
Yeah.
We're gonna be basically like sort of drowned out by multiple versions of
ourself with exponential intelligence. Well, that was.
My concern.
When I was talking to KSW about downloading your consciousness into a computer.
I'm like what's to stop you from making multiple copies and if you can make one
copy. Yeah. Like what's what's to stop you from being like,
tell me some fat guy with a little Dick. Who's a real.
Wouldn't hack into the system and infe it with copies of
him. Yeah.
That just overwhelms everyone else's data where he is omnipotent.
And he is literally the ruler of the realm that he exists in. Yeah.
Yeah. Cause he's figured out how to hack into the grid and take over.
Imagine you think you're gonna be in heaven.
You're gonna enter into this virtual reality. But look,
you're gonna get to what fly dragons and have sex with beautiful women and eat
fruit and this fat guy with a little Dick,
he hacks the system and then everybody's gonna suck his Dick.
And everywhere you go is a version of him is trying to get your suckers. Dick,
come on, come on. Yeah. This people ears. He's holding people down five,
six of on a person, just you from every angle BA that's what he created.
And his, I mean, that's what a computer virus is. Sure. It's everybody. Right.
If you think about that, that most there's a lot of viruses. I don't know what,
how, what percentage of viruses, Jamie? You know,
this are not financiallymotivate it there's
gotta be some viruses that people create just to people. Sure.
Right. In the old days for sure, man. I mean I think they, yeah,
they were just there to up your, to freeze your, your computer up your,
they didn't, they weren't worm.
They weren't grabbing data to use it against you. They were just like, you know,
shutting your computer down to be a Dick. Yeah. Or making it save weird things.
Yeah. Like, you know, real basic, the old viruses in the days of AOL,
remember those man, they were cool. They were like scary,
but not like today where they like shut down the power grid until you send
somebody a million dollars worth of Bitcoin. Oh.
You have to completely remap your hard drive. Completely reload.
Your operating system. It just kills a, you have to,
the only way you gotta kill the operating system, swipe it clean.
Start from scratch. Sorry. It's all cooked. Yeah. All your work.
off.
Gone gone, man. Just.
Like this fat guy with a little Dick back guy with everybody, hundreds of them,
a sea of them running at you, pulling on their half hard.
There's a story going around this weekend about uh,
Samsung TVs having viruses in 'em and you being able to scan it for a virus.
There's like a program on it that allows you to scan for viruses. And then to,
I guess today Samsung deleted that tweet. Oh great.
People were pointing back to this being in like the weeping angel program where
the CAA can use your TV to listen to your conversations and they are doing,
and they're recording it. Weeping angel.
What a great name. Why doesn't the CIA start?
Naminging the Navy UFOs. Weeping angel. Why do they call it that?
Why do they call it that? What is that? That's why?
Why do they have to bring angels? Is that Satan? Is Satan a weeping angel?
Is that what they're saying? Like what the is that weeping angel. That's weird,
man. That's weird. But like, you know, the implication that they,
in your deep fake that they sent out to the world was it already happened,
you know? They're like, how do you know this hasn't already happened?
And words like, how do we know we're not duplicates? How do we know?
We're not one of an infinite number, an array of like,
you know, versions of us that are being populated all over.
Some server somewhere could.
Be, well, that's the thing about the simulation theories. That one day we,
if things keep going the way they are like, and then I was gonna bring this up.
When we were talking about people like looking at cities and looking at the
grids and looking at the hive, like, what is,
what are these cities doing while they're spreading?
And they're being productive,
they're making things and they're making better things all the time. Well,
if they're making better things all the time, like what,
what are they interested in?
And while they're interested in computers and CGI and art intelligence and
artificial life and, and they're all definitely moving in some sort of a,
a greater technological dependency.
Like we're pretty dependent now, but it's gonna get greater and greater, right?
Yeah. We get more and more. Well, one,
one day they're going to have a reality that
isn't tangible in the sense that without
this system, you wouldn't be able to experience it, but it will be a reality.
Once you're in the system, once you're in the system,
you will feel your elbows on the Oak desk. Yeah.
You'll feel the sweat on your palms you'll feel the sunglasses on your nose.
You'll feel a those things. Yeah. So who's to say that that's not real well,
if that can happen one day,
if they can create an artificial reality that you cannot discern from the
reality that you're currently experiencing,
how do you know it hasn't already happened? Right? You don't, you don't.
And you know,
some super smart people think that we should keep open the
possib.
That that is what we're operating under or that the stability
and the rigidity of the dimension that we exist in is not nearly
as firm and not nearly as permanent as we like to think it is. Right.
Which is one of the reasons why psychedelics is so exciting. And so, uh,
there's, there's so they're so
they're transformative, but they're also, they're valuable, but they're also,
they illuminate the possibility of others, of other things,
other dimensions, other life forms, other, other levels of consciousness, other,
other ways of interacting with each other,
especially mu well kinda all of 'em all of them that when you take like a,
a transformative dose yeah. You experience some weird thing where you're like,
oh, this is possible too. Like, this is like a whole nother way of existing.
Like who's to say that if, if, if human neurochemistry, right,
if that's what's causing depression and elation and dopamine and
stonin and all these different, wonderful things,
it's what caused melatonin and all these different things that happen when
you're sleeping. And then the psychedelic ones,
like the DMT who's to say that we have to exist with this
mixture, right? Who's to say that life with a,
a thicker mixture isn't also possible and might be
going on around us all the time.
Like there might be these porous sort of
entry ways into these other dimensions. Cool.
That are consistently open and closed.
And they're constantly around us all the time. But when we're,
when we're just in straight normal consciousness that we experience without
perturbing it with alcohol or pot or psychedelics,
we want to think that this is reality. This is rigid. This is it.
But maybe it's a reality. Yeah. Maybe there's a load of 'em.
Maybe when you make decision, you enter into different ones.
Maybe you are constantly shifting the one that's around you and how you interact
with people.
You mean like your decisions are the way you navigate through the multiverse.
It's entirely possible, right? Yeah. Yeah, man. You, I say that too many times.
Well, we could, it is a thing. If you, if you,
if you just think about how little we understand about consciousness,
about what happens when you die, what happens when you sleep? What,
how little we know about what,
what is going on when you're communicating with people?
What is going on when you're interacting with people? Yeah. What,
where are these ideas coming from? Yeah. Are these ideas,
little life forms in an,
a non observe state. Yeah, man. Bro,
are you taking off the glasses? You getting crazy?
I just realized I don't get to look at your beautiful eyes, Joe. It,
I was enjoying this. We did it for hours. Um,